How much longer 'til your strength takes leave?
Six hundred men Six hundred men
How much longer 'til we all fall down?
And what will we do when it tears us apart?
How much longer must we suffer now?
From men to pigs, tend to forgive
Captain!
Captain, how much longer til your luck runs out?
But this was a h?ll of a twist, cause we are w?ak to a power like this
Captain, we will capsize with thes? waves, our fleet will fail
We don't know what's ahead
She changed them
You could be caught off guard and lose your life
Something that I must get off my chest
Then you have forced my hand
What?
She had us in just two words
At this rate, we won't make it out alive
You rely on wit, and people die on it, woah
You rely on wit, and people die on it, woah
I say we strike first, we don't have time to waste
Six hundred men with big mouths to feed, and we've run out of supplies to eat
No we don't
Our lives like this when people die like this?
There are more of them?
Captain, please
What do you have in mind?
Think about the men we have left before there's none
And when we fought with Circe, it was you who left behind no man
And what's your plan?
Every single cost is so much more than what we've earned
She changed them
When we fought the cyclops, you were quick to hatch a plan
Let's just cut our losses, you and I, and let's run
I just don't wanna see another life end
How much longer 'til the snake breaks free?
Captain?
We're up, we're off, and away we go
You rely on wit, and people die on it, woah
There are enough sheep here to feed the entire fleet
Six hundred reasons to take what we can
Captain, where do we attack him?
Only I stayed outside, but the rest went in
Or piss off this god and infuse us with strife
How much longer 'til the show goes south?
How much longer must we push through doubt?
She had cast a spell, and your mistakes
By the time they ate, it was far too late
Captain, we should run
We're up, we're off, and away we go (Full speed ahead)
Okay
We're up, we're off, and away we go
Look at all we've lost and all we've learned
Captain, what's the plan?
How much longer 'til your great days cease?
We just ran
Captain, Eurylochus
So captain, what's the plan?
Six hundred men Six hundred men
Captain!
And it wasn't quick, we pay to live
They began to squeal, they'll be the last
An island in the sky
We're taking too much damage to survive
A woman
Sir, since we left home we've faced a variety of foes from a wide range of places
But sir, it's too late
We don't know for sure
Yes, but how much longer til your luck runs out?
Okay
Say something
You're like the brother I could never do without
No can do
How much longer must we go about
I've gotta hand it to you both, this is quite the treat
Until it is said, I cannot rest