Captain, Eurylochus
Six hundred men Six hundred men
Six hundred men with big mouths to feed, and we've run out of supplies to eat
Curse the war, our food store's depleted
Six hundred men Six hundred men
Six hundred reasons to take what we can
So captain, what's the plan?
Captain, what's the plan?
We're up, we're off, and away we go
We're up, we're off, and away we go (Full speed ahead)
We're up, we're off, and away we go
I say we strike first, we don't have time to waste
So let's raid the place and...
We don't know what's ahead
I've gotta hand it to you both, this is quite the treat
There are enough sheep here to feed the entire fleet
Captain!
Captain!
Captain!
But captain, what'll we do with our fallen friends?
Captain, where do we attack him?
There are more of them?
Captain, we should run
Captain, please
Captain, we will capsize with thes? waves, our fleet will fail
We're taking too much damage to survive
At this rate, we won't make it out alive
An island in the sky
What do you have in mind?
What?
Please don't tell me you're about to do what I think you'll do
We don't know for sure
And what's your plan?
You could be caught off guard and lose your life
Or piss off this god and infuse us with strife
Don't forget how dangerous the gods are
Yes, but how much longer til your luck runs out?
How much longer 'til the show goes south?
How much longer 'til we all fall down?
You rely on wit, and people die on it, woah
And what will we do when it tears us apart?
I just don't wanna see another life end
You're like the brother I could never do without
Captain, how much longer til your luck runs out?
How much longer 'til the show goes south?
How much longer 'til we all fall down?
You rely on wit, and people die on it, woah
How much longer 'til the snake breaks free?
How much longer 'til your great days cease?
How much longer 'til your strength takes leave?
You rely on wit, and people die on it, woah
Okay
But sir, it's too late
Captain, I have something that I must confess
Something that I must get off my chest
Until it is said, I cannot rest
Captain?
But captai
Okay
Sir, since we left home we've faced a variety of foes from a wide range of places
Gods, monsters, you know the roster, hostile creatures that we could resist
But this was a h?ll of a twist, cause we are w?ak to a power like this
A woman
She had us in just two words
Only I stayed outside, but the rest went in
By the time they ate, it was far too late
For inside the meal, think of your past
She had cast a spell, and your mistakes
They began to squeal, they'll be the last
And grow snouts and tails, mistakes you'll make
She changed them
They transformed, this is the price
And it wasn't quick, we pay to live
She turned our men, the world does not
From men to pigs, tend to forgive
She changed them
No we don't
Look at all we've lost and all we've learned
Every single cost is so much more than what we've earned
Think about the men we have left before there's none
Let's just cut our losses, you and I, and let's run
How much longer must we suffer now?
How much longer must we push through doubt?
How much longer must we go about
Our lives like this when people die like this?
Woah
When we fought the cyclops, you were quick to hatch a plan
And when we fought with Circe, it was you who left behind no man
But when we fought this monster, we didn't take a stand
We just ran
Say something
Then you have forced my hand
No can do
You miss your wife so bad you trade the lives of your own crew
If you want all the power, you must carry all the blame